the tram
and then the people are with another video
and here it would be
showing a text to you guys
is a very realistic etec technique that I
I really liked it and I decided to bring it here.
for you
remembering that it works in the majority
of the né versions and will also be
available for download in the description ok
So I'll introduce you here a little.
You tell me in the comments the
What did you think of her, okay?
and I also can not tell if it 's too
still heavy because I did not get to
to test it is actually playing in the
minecraft né
But look, you see, she's fine.
Realistic even I think it's cool
all the drawings of the expensive things i found
very well done is that you see is says
All right now.
gold that is that I live it our way
this color
It's time to cut the air cool
looking like shit but it's alright
fun same guy looks at the trees
everything is very cool, everything is fine
more realistic even for you to see
by far the world I found it is well
cool same man who did had enough
I do not work
and managed to do it well
cool look here have even this kitty of
nacelle was also cow you take
Take it so I have to
show you the rest of things
career here look at you and see the
drawings do not know the most
beautiful
antero the animals also little machico
It's very cool, I have to show you
that over even the coal that
here is the black hawk carola bedrock
It seems like lanner is obeyed
this is going to try to gain prominence here
strike I record sand there that area was
different is also cool is it looks
problem to show you our
Madam, how's it going to be nice, Carol?
I found it sensational music looks that it seems
Old truth comes if there must be
if that's the way it is in the real world
looks very well programmed in designed
looks here looks like an expensive lift
time that the ground and if this here is the light
blue looks like that like music
cool, dude, it's worked dwarf that
crazy angela eye that you can see
here below we will see the cave
Wow, cool look the car goes here.
dried up right
this is what coal to lava equals
diamond then the guy I think is very
cool for you, mine is also easy to
you find the minerals and everything right
look the furniture is down here looks
here we break what a beautiful thing
face looks What is it that this is our
good to see animals or animals
They are very cool, not everyone is very
different so we do not have to be
more so - look at the village of argoncilhe in
Our darling, he will hear normal day we
do not golem here
Hi, bye, so that the kitty with
Something our looks like a Pope to
chicken is very cool excludes god care
he does not look at it, this is ours.
flower galley, a lot is the list comes a lot
the chicken ducklings here he has here
nothing that's more or less here was to
be what it was to be crazy I have
in machu picchu animals that are here
below if they wish they can
we sheep see her face comes up to
sorry for killing her look it here
the kitty where the people showed little
for you because I thought there is a
little how cute her house
But anyway, this one is until
this pec or bringing you today
I hope you like this
project is personal transit aet pecs
that I know a lot of people sometimes
looking and looking for something
different to change the way
that 's the minecraft I come back here
helping you find a legal and
But for this, I need to know the
feedback from you if you want videos
so, so please leave the john
here below if you want me to
keep bringing ex-time tex and stuff
the kind here looks hot is not cool
only until the pecs realistic but I anticipate
ex pats that are legal for pvp and
kato oil is going to make it really cool
here is the cane is the arrives who is very
cool
Anyway, this is it, so I hope
Did you like that pec test there?
of these videos liked and want to help the
channel leaves the young man down here
others even help and that's it up
subscribe to the channel if you are not yet
inscribed beauty so you do not lose
none of the videos that we are
now bringing three per day guys then
that's it
a hug the flowers very cool guy
It's even light's doing a lot of cool stuff.
but do not look cohab tata more or
least equal to ours that the old fool
egg or chicken to be the duckling here
we this is real thing see this
here is awesome so is this
People said yes, sign up for a kiss.
kid I went